  ---                      
  Content Engine — Three critical issues to fix:            
                                                            
  ---                                            
  ISSUE 1: The engine is generating identical content across
   ALL themes.                                              
                                                            
  The same title ("Do NOT Buy a Home in Calgary Until You   
  Watch This"), same 5 talking points (capacity panic,      
  disruption fear, timing doubt, partner misalignment,
  permission guilt), word for word across every single      
  theme. The engine is completely ignoring the            
  theme-specific stresses and content engine prompts.

  Root cause is likely one of these:
  1. The engine is only receiving the theme NAME (e.g., "The
   Transition") but not the theme's specific stresses or    
  content engine prompt                                 
  2. The engine is receiving the avatar profile but not     
  differentiating by theme — it's generating content from 
  the general avatar, not from the individual theme      
  3. The theme's stress list and content engine prompt
  aren't being passed into the AI prompt at all
                                                            
  What needs to happen:
                                                            
  When a user clicks "Generate" on a specific theme, the  
  prompt sent to the AI must include:            
  - The theme name
  - The theme's specific stresses (the 4-5 bullet points
  unique to that theme)                                 
  - The theme's content engine prompt (the full block       
  including angle, tone, and framing rules)          
  - An instruction that says: "Generate content ideas that  
  ONLY address the stresses listed for THIS theme. Do not 
  use stresses from other themes. Every talking point must  
  tie directly to one of the specific stresses listed     
  above."                                                   
                                                          
  Can you check what's actually being sent to the AI when a 
  user generates ideas for a theme? I suspect the theme     
  stresses aren't being passed at all — just the theme name
  and the general avatar profile.                           
                                                          
  ---                                            
  ISSUE 2: No differentiation between themes — even if 
  stresses are passed correctly, the engine needs           
  boundaries.                                     
                                                            
  Add this to the Content Engine system prompt:           
                                                            
  THEME DIFFERENTIATION RULE:                               
                                                            
  When generating content for a specific stress theme, the  
  titles and stress angles must be UNIQUE to that theme. Do
  not repeat or closely mirror titles, hooks, or stress     
  angles that belong to a different theme.                
                                                 
  Before outputting ideas for any theme, identify what makes
   this theme DISTINCT from the others:
  - What is the UNIQUE tension in this theme that no other  
  theme covers?                                             
  - What angles or topics are OFF-LIMITS because they belong
   to another theme?                                        
                                                          
  For real estate avatars, common theme boundaries:         
  - "The Decision" = Should I do this? Angles: readiness, 
  timing, opportunity cost, guilt, rate lock-in. NOT about  
  logistics, market risks, or evaluating homes.           
  - "The Equity" = Can my current situation fund this?      
  Angles: buying power, budget math, what equity unlocks,   
  prep ROI. NOT about choosing a home or neighbourhood.
  - "The Transition" = How do I get from A to B without     
  chaos? Angles: timing strategies, bridge financing, moving
   logistics, competing with a contingency, temporary
  housing. NOT about evaluating the home itself.            
  - "The Purchase" = Is this the right                    
  home/neighbourhood/price? Angles: hidden costs, market    
  traps, inspection risks, neighbourhood evaluation, local
  data. NOT about logistics or selling.                     
  - "The Aftermath" = Did I get it right? Angles: post-close
   surprises, tax resets, protecting the investment. NOT    
  about the buying process.
                                                            
  If a generated title could fit equally well under two     
  different themes, it is too generic. Make it more specific
   to the theme it belongs to.                              
                                                          
  DEDUPLICATION RULE: Before outputting any content idea,   
  check: has this exact title or a very similar title
  already been generated for a different theme in this      
  member's avatar? If YES → reject it and generate a new  
  one. No two themes should ever share a title or share more
   than 1 talking point.

  ---
  ISSUE 3: Users need title variations, not just one title 
  per idea.                                                 
           
  Instead of generating one title per content idea, generate
   3 alternative title versions for each idea using         
  different proven frameworks. Present them as options the
  user can choose from or remix. Format like:               
                                                          
  [Content Idea Description]                     
    → "Title Option A" (Warning framework)                  
    → "Title Option B" (Curiosity framework)                
    → "Title Option C" (Reality framework)                  
                                                            
  This gives users the power to pick the version that fits  
  their voice or combine elements from multiple options. 