  Add 3 new repurposing tools to the existing Repurpose
  Content page
  (src/app/member/ai-tools/repurpose-content/page.tsx).
  These sit alongside the existing Newsletter and LinkedIn
  Article tools as checkboxes. Follow the same architecture
  pattern as the existing tools (parallel API calls,
  editable results, 30-day retention via the existing
  RepurposedContent model).

  1. UI Changes — Results Layout

  The current tabbed results view needs to be replaced with
  a stacked collapsible card layout. With up to 5 outputs,
  tabs get crowded especially on mobile.

  - Each generated output appears as its own collapsible
  card, stacked vertically
  - Cards are expanded by default on generation, collapsible
   after
  - Each card has a header showing the format name (e.g.,
  "Facebook Post", "Blog Post") with copy and save buttons
  in the header
  - Only the outputs the member selected appear — no empty
  cards
  - Cards maintain the same edit/copy/save functionality
  - This replaces the tabbed approach for ALL outputs
  including the existing Newsletter and LinkedIn Article

  2. New Checkboxes

  Add three new checkboxes to the input form alongside
  Newsletter and LinkedIn Article:

  - Facebook Post
  - Blog Post (AI-Optimized)
  - Neighbourhood Postcard

  When "Neighbourhood Postcard" is checked, show a text
  input: "What neighbourhood are you sending this to?"

  3. Facebook Post — POST /api/ai-tools/repurpose-facebook

  Input: { transcript, title }
  Loads from DB: avatar profile, repurpose profile (name,
  business, voice style)
  Model: claude-sonnet-4-20250514, max_tokens: 1024

  Returns:
  {
    "result": {
      "post_body": "...",
      "first_comment": "...",
      "hashtags": ["...", "..."]
    }
  }

  System prompt rules:
  - Generate a 150–300 word Facebook post that pulls the
  most relatable or provocative takeaway from the video
  - Structure: hook line (question or bold statement) → 3–5
  short paragraphs delivering one key insight → soft CTA ("I
   broke this down in detail — link in comments")
  - Generate a separate first_comment field with the link
  text (Facebook suppresses posts with links in the body)
  - Tone: conversational, first-person, like telling a
  friend what you just learned. Direct, no hype.
  - No hashtag spam — maximum 3 relevant hashtags or none
  - No emojis unless they serve the message (not decorative)
  - Canadian spelling throughout
  - Never use dashes of any kind (em dashes, en dashes, or
  hyphens as pauses)
  - Inject member's avatar profile, name, business, and
  voice style into the prompt

  Card layout: Two distinct sections — "Post body" (editable
   text area) and "First comment" (separate editable text
  area labelled "Paste this as your first comment").

  4. Blog Post (AI-Optimized) — POST
  /api/ai-tools/repurpose-blog

  Input: { transcript, title }
  Loads from DB: avatar profile, repurpose profile (name,
  business, voice style)
  Model: claude-sonnet-4-20250514, max_tokens: 4096

  Returns:
  {
    "result": {
      "blog_title": "...",
      "full_article": "... (complete formatted article as
  markdown)",
      "meta_description": "... (150-160 chars, written as a
  direct answer snippet)",
      "reading_time": "X minutes"
    }
  }

  System prompt rules — this is AI-optimized, NOT
  traditional SEO:
  - 800–1,200 words
  - Title must be a clear question in natural language —
  mirrors how someone would ask an AI (e.g., "How Do You Buy
   and Sell a Home at the Same Time in Calgary?" not "Tips
  for Simultaneous Transactions")
  - Opening paragraph answers the title question immediately
   in 2–3 sentences — no preamble, no "in this article we'll
   explore..." This is what gets pulled into AI-generated
  answers (ChatGPT, Claude, Perplexity, Google AI
  Overviews).
  - All subheadings must be follow-up questions a reader
  would naturally ask next
  - Each section leads with a direct, factual answer then
  expands with context, local specifics, and experience
  - Use specific numbers, names, and local details from the
  transcript — AI tools prioritize concrete data over
  generic advice
  - Include an author attribution block at the end (full
  name, title, brokerage, city) — AI tools weight sourced,
  attributed content higher
  - Include [EMBED VIDEO: {title}] placeholder at the top
  - Closing CTA to watch the full video breakdown
  - No fabricated statistics, case studies, or examples not
  in the transcript
  - Canadian spelling throughout
  - Never use dashes of any kind (em dashes, en dashes, or
  hyphens as pauses)
  - Inject member's avatar profile, name, business, and
  voice style into the prompt

  5. Neighbourhood Postcard — POST
  /api/ai-tools/repurpose-postcard

  Input: { transcript, title, neighbourhood }
  Loads from DB: avatar profile, repurpose profile (name,
  business)
  Model: claude-sonnet-4-20250514, max_tokens: 512

  Returns:
  {
    "result": {
      "front_headline": "...",
      "front_hook": "...",
      "back_body": "...",
      "video_url_placeholder": "[Insert your video URL for
  QR code generation]"
    }
  }

  CRITICAL DESIGN PRINCIPLE — ALWAYS BUY-SIDE:
  The postcard speaks to homeowners who are thinking about
  their NEXT home — never about selling their current one.
  The current home is the fuel for the move, never the
  headline. This must be enforced in the prompt.

  Correct framing examples:
  - "Wondering what your next home looks like after Aspen
  Woods? I just broke down what families in your position
  are actually buying — and what it takes to get there."
  - "Most Tuscany families looking to move up have no idea
  how much buying power they're actually sitting on. I made
  a video about it."

  NEVER generate:
  - "Thinking of selling your Aspen Woods home?"
  - "Find out what your home is worth"
  - "Is it time to list?"

  System prompt rules:
  - Front copy: maximum 25 words (headline + compelling
  line)
  - Back copy: maximum 60 words (2–3 sentences)
  - Must reference the specific neighbourhood by name (from
  user input)
  - Must be framed from the buy side — the viewer is
  thinking about their next home
  - The video does the heavy lifting — the postcard just
  gets them there
  - No salesy language, no urgency tactics, no "call me
  today"
  - Curiosity over pressure
  - Canadian spelling throughout

  Card layout: Two-panel layout — "Front" (headline + hook
  in a card-like preview) and "Back" (body copy in a
  card-like preview). Note beneath: "Copy this text into
  your postcard design tool (Canva, etc.)"

  6. Database

  No schema changes needed. The existing RepurposedContent
  model's toolType field accepts three new values:
  "facebook", "blog", "postcard". The output JSON field
  stores the tool-specific structured output. For postcard
  records, also store the neighbourhood value in the output
  JSON so it shows in Past Outputs.

  7. AIToolsHub

  Update the Repurpose Content card description to: "Turn
  your video transcript into a newsletter, LinkedIn article,
   Facebook post, blog post, or neighbourhood postcard"